ON THIS EDITION FOR JANUARY 19
IRAQI TRIBESMEN TRY TO OUS
FIGHTERS FROM RAMADI
IN OUR SIGNATURE SEGMENT
ENLISTING COLLEGE STUDENTS I
THE FIGHT AGAINST HACKERS.
>>> THAT'S ACTUALLY A COURSE
REQUIREMENT.
>> AND ALLEGATIONS OVER CHRI
CHRISTIE'S HANDLING OF SANDY
RELIEF FUNDS
NEXT ON NEWSHOUR WEEKEND
>> GOOD EVENING.
THANKS FOR JOINING US.
LOCAL TRIBESMEN LAUNCHED A MAJOR
OFFENSIVE TODAY AGAINST AL QAEDA
MILITANTS WHO RECENTLY CAPTURE
PARTS OF TWO MAJOR CITIES NEAR
BAGHDAD.
AL QAEDA HAD RECENTLY CAPTURED
THE TWO SITES OF BATTLES 10.
IN BAGHDAD THIS WEEKEND, A
LEAST 14 PEOPLE WERE KILLED AN
ANOTHER 55 WOUNDED IN A SERIES
OF CAR BOMB EXPLOSIONS AND
DURING AN ATTACK ON A JUVENILE
PRISON
WE WILL HAVE MORE FROM IRAQ IN
THE BROADCAST.
20 GOVERNMENT TROOPS WERE KILLED
AND 20 WOUNDED
THE BOMB WENT OFF AS THE TROOP
WERE BOARDING A TRANSPOR
VEHICLE.
>> AND TODAY, THE PRESIDENT SAID
HE HAS NO INTENTION OF GIVING UP
POWER.
ASAD SAID IF WE WANTED TO GIVE
UP, WE WOULD HAVE DONE SO IN THE
BEGINNING.
IN UKRAINE TODAY, THERE WERE NEW
CLASHES BETWEEN THOUSANDS OF
ANTI-GOVERNMENT PROTESTERS AND
RIOT POLICE WHO USED WATER
CANNONS AND TEAR GAS AGAINST THE
DEMONSTRATORS.
THE PROTESTS ERUPTED FOLLOWING
THE APPROVAL OF LEGISLATIO
RESTRICTING PRO TESTS AN
LIMITING CRITICAL PRESS REPORTS.
>> TWO DAYS AFTER MAJOR CHANGE
ARE ANNOUNCED, SENAT
INTELLIGENCE CHAIR WARNED TODA
THAT THE NATION REMAINS UNDE
THREAT
>> I THINK A LOT OF THE PRIVAC
PEOPLE PERHAPS DON'T UNDERSTAN
THAT WE STILL OCCUPY THE THE
NATION
>> RUSSIAN SECURITY AGENTS WER
BEHIND EDWARD SNOWDEN THAT
ULTIMATELY LED TO THE DECISION
>> THERE IS A REASON THAT HE
ENDED UP IN THE LAFING ARMS OF
AN FSB AGENT IN MOSCOW
I DON'T THINK IT WAS A GEE WHI
LUCK EVENT THAT HE ENDED UP IN
MOSCOW
>> THE WILD FIRE THAT HAS BEEN
BURNING IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
SINCE THURSDAY IS NOW LARGEL
CONTAINED AND THE LAST OF THOS
EVACUATED HAVE RETURNED HOME
THE FIRE STARTED IN THE ANGELE
NATIONAL FOREST AND QUICKL
SPREAD
THE FIRE IS EXPECTED TO BE FULLY
CONTAINED BY MIDWEEK BUT
EXTREMELY DRY CONDITIONS IN TH
STATE PERSIST.
AND ON FRIDAY, GOVERNOR JERR
BROWN FORMALLY DECLARED
DROUGHT EMERGENCY.
UNION WORKERS ARE FUNDING A PLAN
TO PUT POSTAL RETAIL ENTER
INSIDE STAPLES STORES.
IT IS BEING PROTESTED BECAUS
THEY SAY IT THREATENS GOOD
PAYING JOBS.
THE POST OFFICE IS RUNNING A
MULTIBILLION DOLLAR ANNUAL
DEFICIT.
>>> AND ATTORNEYS IN SOUTH
CAROLINA ARE SEEKING A NEW TRIAL
FOR A BLACK TEENAGER WHO WAS THE
YOUNGEST PERSON EXECUTED IN TH
UNITED STATES IN THE LAS
CENTURY.
14-YEAR-OLD GEORGE SINNY JR. WAS
ELECT CUTED IN 1944.
HIS FAMILY'S ATTORNEY SAYS N
WITNESSES WERE CALLED ON HIS
BEHALF DURING A DAY-LONG TRIAL
AND THE ALL-WHITE JURY
DELIBERATED ONLY TEN MINUTES
BEFORE CONVICTING HIM.
HE REPORTEDLY TOLD A CELL MATE
THAT POLICE COERCED HI
CONFESSION
>> CHRIS CHRISTIE WILL B
INAUGURATED FOR A SECOND TER
TUESDAY BUT QUESTIONS PERSIS
ABOUT HIS STAFF'S INVOLVEMENT IN
THE SO-CALLED BRIDGEGATE
SCANDAL.
THERE ARE NEW ALLEGATIONS THAT
MEMBERS OF HIS TEAM THREATENED
TO WITH HOLD RELIEF FUNDS UNLESS
THEY SUPPORTED A PLAN DEVELOPE
BY CHRISTIE AIDES.
WE ARE JOINED BY THE CHIEF
POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT.
EXPLAIN THESE NEW ALLEGATIONS?
>> THIS IS LIKE A SECOND FRONT
IN THE WAR BEING OPENED AGAINS
YOU.
THE MAYOR SAYS THAT TWO HIGH
LEVEL MEMBERS OF THE CHRISTI
ADMINISTRATION BASICALLY STRON
ARMED HER INTO APPROVING A
DEVELOPMENT PROJECT.
THEY SAID YOU'RE NOT GETTING
YOUR FULL SANDY RELIEF MONEY
UNLESS YOU APPROVE THE
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A THREE
BLOCK AREA OF YOUR CITY.
THE ROCKEFELLER GROUP WA
REPRESENTED BY DAVID SAMPSON
ONE OF CHRISTIE'S CLOSES
CONFIDANTS -- THIS HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH THE BRIDGE OTHER THAN
IT LOOKS LIKE ANOTHER STRONG ARM
TACTIC
>> TO PUT THIS IN PERSPECTIVE,
HOW BADLY WAS THE CITY HIT
>> 80% OF THE CITY WAS
UNDERWATER
THEY ARE RIGHT ON THE HUDSON
RIVER ACROSS FROM MANHATTAN.
50,000 PEOPLE IN THAT ONE MILE
VERY DENSELY POPULATED
IT WAS REALLY BADLY FLOODED.
SHE CLAIMED YESTERDAY ON
TELEVISION THAT SHE ASKED FO
$100 MILLION AND GOT $342,000.
THE CHRISTIE OFFICE IS DISPUTING
EVERYTHING SHE SAYS AND SAYS
THAT THEY ARE IN LINE TO GET $70
MILLION.
SOME REPORTING I HAVE SEEN SAY
THAT'S MONEY FROM INSURANC
COMPANIES TO HOMEOWNERS, NOT THE
FEDERAL MONEY THAT CHRIS
CHRISTIE FOUGHT SO HARD TO GET A
YEAR AGO
>> HE IS SUCH A NATIONAL FIGURE.
HE HAS BEEN ON THE SHORT LIS
FOR A POSSIBLE PRESIDENTIA
CANDIDACY.
HE IS EVEN IN FLORIDA THIS
WEEKEND RAISING MONEY FOR FELLOW
REPUBLICANS.
HOW DOES THIS PLAY
HOW DO HIS SUPPORTERS THIN
ABOUT ANOTHER ALLEGED SCANDA
AFTER ANOTHER?
>> THEY'RE WORRIED
HIS BROTHER WAS ON FACEBOOK THIS
MORNING ECHOING WHAT HIS PRESS
SECRETARY SAID YESTERDAY
THIS IS DEMOCRATIC PARTISAN GAME
PLAYING AND THE MEDIA IS PLAYING
INTO IT.
THEY ARE REALLY CONCERNED.
AND I THINK THE SECOND FRONT A
MUCH AS IT'S JUST POLITICS A
USUAL WE'RE NOT GOING TO GIV
YOU THIS UNLESS YOU DO THAT, I
DOESN'T LOOK GOOD BECAUSE IT
PLAYS INTO THIS NOTION THAT.
>> THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE
VICTORY LAP HEADING INTO HIS
INAUGURATION BUT INSTEAD HE HA
TO DEFEND HIMSELF ABOUT THIS
IS HIS POPULARITY IN NEW JERSE
SUFFERING?
>> NOT ACCORDING TO THE POLLS.
BUT I THINK EVERYTHING ABOUT
CHRIS CHRISTIE IS HANGING IN THE
BALANCE HERE
DEPENDING ON WHEN THIS PLAYS
OUT.
THERE ARE SOME WHO THINK HE'
TOAST ALREADY AS A PRESIDENTIA
CANDIDATE.
I DON'T.
I THINK HE CAN EXPLAIN -
AWARENESS OF THE BRIDGE LANE
CLOSURES DOES NOT RISE TOO FAR
ABOVE WHERE IT IS RIGHT NOW, I
THINK HE CAN RIDE THIS OUT AND
THERE ARE SOME WHO THINK HE'
LOOKING STRONG AND FIRM AN
TOUGH IN DEALING WITH A CRISIS
IF THAT RISES FURTHER OR I
OTHER MAYORS START COMING OUT OF
THE WOOD WORK SAYING HE PUNISHED
ME IN THIS FASHION AND ME IN
THIS FASHION, THIS COULD ALL B
THE END OF CHRIS CHRISTIE'
NATIONAL AMBITION.
>> TONIGHT FIGHTING BACK AGAINST
MALICIOUS HACKERS.
IT'S A TOPIC IN THE NEWS BECAUSE
OF ATTACKS AGAINST TARGET.
ATTACKS THAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN
MORE EXTENSIVE THAN WE CURRENTLY
KNOW
SOME BELIEVE THE BEST WAY TO
FIGHT BACK IS TO USE THE SAM
TECHNIQUES THE BAD GUYS US
AGAINST THEM
THESE OFFICIALS ARE NO
ENLISTING A TALENTED GROUP O
STUDENTS TO HELP IN THE FIGHT.
NEWS HOUR CORRESPONDENT REPORT
FROM PITTSBURGH.
IT FIRST AIRED LAST OCTOBER.
>> THE BAD GUYS STOLE MORE THA
3 MILLION SOCIAL SECURIT
NUMBERS FROM THE STATE OF SOUT
CAROLINA, AS MANY AS 70 MILLIO
CREDIT CARD NUMBERS FROM SON
PLAY STATION
THEY GOT ACCESS TO ALL OF TH
PERSONAL DETAILS OF SOME
CUSTOMERS OF A NATIONWID
LENDING FIRM BUT CYBER THIEF
ARE NOT JUST LOOKING TO STEA
CREDIT CARD NUMBERS.
THEY ARE LOOKING FOR OTHER
VALUABLE INFORMATION
>> EVERYTHING ABOUT YOUR
BUSINESS IS ACCESSIBLE TO AN
ATTACKER
>> STEWART IS A FORMER GENERAL
COUNCIL OF THE NSA WHO IS NOW
COMPUTER SECURITY CONSULTANT
>> THEY CAN STEAL YOUR DESIGNS
STEAL YOUR KNOW-HOW.
THEY CAN STEAL YOUR CUSTOMER
LIST AND YOUR INTERNAL ANALYSI
OF WHAT THE BIGGEST PROBLEMS ARE
IN YOUR PRODUCT.
IT IS PRETTY SCARY
>> THE BAD GUYS ARE MOSTLY
WORKING FOR CHINA AND FORMER
THEY ARE WELL TRAINED.
SOME OF THEM ARE PROTECTED BY OR
WORKING FOR THEIR GOVERNMENTS SO
THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT GETTIN
CAUGHT AND THEY MIGHT BE ABLE TO
DO EVEN MORE THAN STEA
INFORMATION FROM BUSINESSES.
SECURITY EXPERTS WORRY THAT THEY
COULD CRIPPLE THE BANKING SYSTEM
OR SHUT DOWN PARTS OF TH
ELECTRIC GRID.
THEY SAY AMERICAN BUSINESSES
NEED A NEW MIND SET.
>> I'M A BIG BELIEVER THAT THE
BEST DEFENSE IS AN OFFENSE
IF WE'RE GOING TO HAVE A
OFFENSE, WE HAVE GOT TO HAVE
PEOPLE WHO ARE REALLY TALENTED
DRAWN TO THAT FIELD.
>> PEOPLE LIKE THESE
UNDERGRADUATES WHO JUST MIGHT BE
ABLE TO SAVE AMERICA'S
CORPORATIONS AND GOVERNMENTS
FROM THE BAD GUY HACKERS
THEY ARE STUDENTS AT ONE OF TH
NATION'S TOP COMPUTER SCIENC
SCHOOLS AND THEY'RE LEARNING T
FIGHT OFF THE BAD GUYS B
THINKING THE SAME WAY THEY DO.
THEY'RE LEARNING TO BE THE GOO
GUY HACKERS.
>> YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND AND BE
ABLE TO ANTICIPATE HOW ATTACKERS
ARE GOING TO COME AT YOU
IF YOU DON'T LOOK AT OFFENSE A
ALL AND YOU'RE ALWAYS REACTING
YOU'RE ALWAYS ONE STEP BEHIND.
>> IS THAT A CHANGE IN THE WAY
THAT THEY HAVE APPROACHED THIS
>> TRADITIONALLY, YEAH
THERE HAS NOT BEEN A LOT O
EXPERTISE AND IT HAS NOT BEE
TAUGHT AT THE UNIVERSITY LEVEL
>> WHAT AN ATTACKER WANTS TO D
IS RUN A SHOW.
>> IT'S TOUGH STUFF TO TEACH
BECAUSE THE BRAND NEW CUTTIN
EDGE CYBER ATTACK OF TODAY WIL
BE AVAILABLE TO ANYONE WITH
WEB BROUSER BY NEXT WEEK
>> WE DON'T HAVE TEXT BOOKS.
EVERYTHING IS SO NEW WE HAVE T
GO OUT AND LOOK AT WEBSITES AN
THE LATEST THINGS FROM
CONFERENCES AND TEACH FROM THAT.
EVERY YEAR IT'S A SIGNIFICAN
UPDATE
>> IS IT EVER THE CASE THAT YO
ACTUALLY HAVE A STUDENT DISCOVER
SOMETHING THAT NOBODY KNEW ABOUT
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SEMESTER?
>> THAT'S ACTUALLY A COURS
REQUIREMENT.
ONE OF THE THINGS WE ASK FOR I
GO OUT AND FIND A VULNERABILITY,
FIND OUT IF IT'S EXPLOITABLE AND
REPORT IT ETHICALLY.
>> THEY ARE SEEING IF THEY CAN
BREAK INTO SOMEONE'S COMPUTE
AND TELL THE PROGRAMMER HERE I
A FLAW
FIX IT
>> ALL OF THE FLAWS THAT THE
FIND DON'T NECESSARILY MEAN THAT
THE SOFTWARE ON YOUR PC IS BADLY
WRITTEN.
ALMOST EVERY MACHINE, EVER
PIECE OF SOFTWARE HA
VULNERABILITIES THAT CAN B
EXPLOITED FROM OUTSIDE
WHEN A MACHINE IS CONNECTED TO
THE INTERNET, IT'S ALMOS
IMPOSSIBLE TO MAKE IT PERFECTL
SECURE
WHAT'S MORE COMPARED TO 10 OR 20
YEARS AGO, THERE ARE JUST SO
MANY MORE COMPUTERS AND TABLET
AND SMART PHONES
ALL OF THEM CONNECTED AND ALL OF
THEM VULNERABLE, WHICH MEANS
WE'RE VULNERABLE, TOO.
>> STUDENTS ARE SO GOOD THAT THE
NSA ENLISTED THEM TO CREATE
GAME TO TEACH ANTI-HACKING
SKILLS TO HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
THIS IS HOME TO THE TOP RANKED
COMPETITIVE HACKING TEAM IN TH
WORLD, THE PLAID PARLIAMENT OF
PONING
THAT IS HACKER SPEAK FOR OWN
FOR THE THIRD STRAIGHT YEAR TH
TEAM WON TOP HONORS AT
INTERNATIONAL CONTESTS THAT PI
TEAMS AGAINST ONE ANOTHER AN
DEMOLISHED THE COMPETITION I
LAS VEGAS.
>> IT'S LIKE A CYBER WAR THAT IS
GOING ON
>> HOW STIFF IS THE COMPETITIO
HERE
WHO IS -- WHO IS ON YOUR HEELS
IN TERMS OF THE TOP TE
RANKINGS
>> WHO IS NOT?
THERE IS ALL SORTS OF GOVERNMENT
CONTRACTORS THAT HAVE TEAMS THAT
WE COMPETE WITH.
THEY DO THIS PROFESSIONALLY.
>> IT WAS ORIGINALLY MEANT A
PRAISE
THE STUDENTS SAY -
>> WE DON'T THINK OF IT AS A BAD
THING.
WE THINK OF IT AS GETTING
DEEPER UNDERSTANDING FOR HOW
SOMETHING WORKS IN ORDER TO MAKE
IT DO SOMETHING THAT MAYBE I
WAS NOT INTENDED TO DO BUT I
CAPABLE OF
>> AS YOUNG HIGH SCHOOL STUDENTS
THEY STARTED GOOFING AROUND WITH
ELECTRONICS OR COMPUTERS AND
FIGURING OUT HOW TO DO SIMPL
ATTACKS AND HOW TO GET INSIDE OF
A MACHINE.
>> ANDREW IS A INVESTIGATIVE
REPORTER WHO HAS WRITTEN DOZEN
OF ARTICLES ABOUT HACKERS AN
CYBER SECURITY
>> THEY MAKE THE DECISION AM I
GOING TO BE A GOOD OR BAD HACKER
AND THERE'S NOT THAT MUC
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THEM IN TERMS
OF THEIR ABILITIES BUT HUG
DIFFERENCE IN MOTIVATIONS.
>> THAT RAISES THE QUESTION OF
HOW WISE IT IS TO TEACH THES
ABILITIES TO STUDENTS BARELY OUT
OF THEIR TEENS WITH UNKNOW
MOTIVATIONS.
A GRADUATE STUDENT SAYS NOT TO
WORRY.
>> IF YOU'RE FIGURING OUT HOW TO
ATTACK THINGS, IS IT POSSIBL
THAT SOMEBODY WHO COMES OUT OF
HERE ISN'T GOING TO DO IT FO
THE RIGHT REASONS?
>> IF THAT PERSON IS MOTIVATED
THEY CAN FIND IT OUT ON THEI
OWN.
THIS IS NOT HIDDEN INFORMATION
A PERSON CAN TAKE NORMAL COURSES
AND ADD THE HOW AM I GOING T
RUIN THE WORLD MIND SET TO IT.
IT'S THE SAME WAY A LOCK SMITH
WHO KNOWS HOW TO FIX LOCKS CAN
BREAK INTO THEM.
>> SOMETIMES IT MAKES SENSE FO
A COMPANY THAT HAS BEEN TH
TARGET TO ENGAGE IN A LITTLE
DIGITAL BREAKING AND ENTERING OF
ITS OWN.
TO HACK BACK
HE THINKS IT COULD BE AN
IMPORTANT WEAPON IN THE CYBE
SECURITY ARSENAL
IT IS NOT ALWAYS SO CLEAR CU
BECAUSE IT CAN VIOLATE FEDERAL
SECURITY LAWS.
>> I HAVE BEEN MAKING IT VER
PUBLIC ARGUMENT THAT WE SHOULD
ALLOW THIS
>> WHAT IF THIS IS OUTSIDE THE
U.S.
IS THAT STILL A VIOLATION IN THE
ACT?
>> GOOD GUY HACKERS WHO HAVE
HACKED BACK HAVE LEARNED THA
CYBER CRIMINALS ARE NOT ALWAYS
AS CLEVER AS THEY SEEM TO BE
TAKE THE EXAMPLE OF A HACKER WHO
BROKE INTO LAW ENFORCEMENT
COMPUTERS, COPIED PERSONAL
INFORMATION ABOUT OFFICERS AND
POSTED IT ONLINE
HE ALSO LEFT A PROVOCATIVE
PICTURE OF HIS GIRLFRIEND AS A
CALLING CARD, WHICH TURNED OUT
TO BE A MISTAKE.
>> THEY TOOK THE PICTURE WITH AN
iPHONE
AND THAT MEANT THAT SOMEBODY HAD
HOPEFULLY INCLUDED THE
GEOGRAPHIC COORDINATES WHERE THE
PICTURE WAS TAKEN.
SO THE FBI FINDS THE GIRLFRIEN
OF THE HACKER AND WENT AND
BUSTED THE GUY
>> THE HACKER PLEADED GUILTY
RECEIVED A SENTENCE OF 27 MONTHS
IN PRISON.
STEWART BAKER SAYS THAT'S TH
KIND OF OUTCOME HE WOULD LIKE TO
SEE FROM GOOD GUY HACKERS LIKE
THE STUDENTS HERE.
>> HERE ARE THE STUDENT HACKER
WHO MAKE UP THE PLAID PARLIAMENT
OF PONING.
>> WE WANT TO RETURN NOW TO TH
BATTLE BEING WAGED AGAINST A
QAEDA FORCES
FOR MORE WE ARE JOINED NOW VIA
SKYPE.
I KNOW IT'S ABOUT 60 MILES AWAY.
WHAT'S THE SCENE IN THOSE AREA
NOW?
>> WELL, IN TALKING TO PEOPLE ON
THE GROUND TODAY, WHAT WE AR
HEARING THIS MORNING IS RAMADI
THE PROVINCIAL CAPITAL WAS PUT
ON LOCK DOWN
PEOPLE WERE TOLD NOT TO LEAV
THEIR HOMES.
AND A LARGE ASSAULT WAS LAUNCHED
TO RETAKE POCKETS OF THE CIT
THAT ARE STILL UNDER CONTROL O
REBEL GROUPS
AND FIGHTERS AFFILIATED WITH THE
LOCAL AL QAEDA AFFILIATE
MOST OF RAMADI ALREADY WAS UNDER
CONTROL OF PRO GOVERNMEN
TRIBESMEN, SO SOME POCKETS WER
OUT OF THEIR CONTROL
SO THIS IS A LARGE OFFENSIVE
BACKED BY HELICOPTERS TRYING T
REGAIN THEIR CITY.
>> THESE ARE MOSTLY SUNN
TRIBESMEN?
>> Reporter: YES
IT IS A LARGELY SUNNI PROVINCE
IRAQ IS LARGELY SHIA, BUT THIS
PROVINCE IS LARGELY SUNNI.
NOT NATURALLY PRO GOVERNMENT
THE TRIBESMEN HAVE BEEN LEADIN
PROTESTS AGAINST THE GOVERNMEN
FOR THE PAST YEAR OR SO.
AND, BUT, WHEN AL QAEDA CAME
INTO THE CITY AND TOOK CONTROL
I SEE THE GOVERNMENT AS POSSIBLY
THE LESSER OF TWO EVILS.
SO THEY HAVE BEEN ALMOST FORCE
TO SIDE WITH THE GOVERNMENT TO
RID THEIR TOWNS OF THESE
MILITANTS.
>> SO YOU SAID HELICOPTERS
ARE WE TALKING FULL GUNS
MACHINE GUNS ON THE GROUND
WORKING WITH THE TRIBESMEN A
WELL
>> THE ARMY IS VERY MUCH STAYING
OUT OF IT.
THE ARMY IS SEEN BY A LOT OF THE
TRIBE AS BEING AS SECTARIA
FORCE, QUITE INFLAM TORY FOR THE
ARMY TO GO IN AND TRY TO TAK
THESE TOWNS.
THE TRIBESMEN ARE THE ONES DOING
THE FIGHTING BUT THEY ARE BACKED
UP BY AIR POWER WITH THE
MILITARY
THE IRAQI MILITARY TOOK DELIVERY
OF SOME RUSSIAN HELICOPTERS.
>> IS MALIKI RULING OUT AN ALL
OUT ASSAULT?
>> RAMADI IS LOOKING VERY MUCH
UNDER CONTROL AND THE TRIBESME
I TALKED TO SAID THAT TH
OFFENSIVE HAS BEEN QUITE
SUCCESSFUL AND THEY ARE CLAIMING
THAT THE CITY IS NOW ENTIREL
BACK IN THEIR CONTROL.
FALLUJAH IS ANOTHER COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT QUESTION
THERE WE REALLY HAVEN'T SEEN ANY
REAL ENGAGEMENT TO THE CENTER OF
FALLUJAH BEING MILITANT.
THERE HAS BEEN POCKETS O
FIGHTING ON THE OUTSIDE.
BUT THERE, MALIKI, YES, HA
RULED OUT THE ARMY GOING IN.
AT THE MOMENT, HE IS SAYING HE
IS LEADING UP THE TRIBES TO RI
THE TOWN OF THESE MILITANTS,
BUT, AT THE MOMENT, THEY'RE NO
ACTUALLY ENGAGING.
MILITARILY IT'S VERY MUC
NEGOTIATIONS
>> UH-HUH.
>> ALL RIGHT
THANK YOU FOR JOINING US VIA
SKYPE FROM BAGHDAD
>> THIS IS PBS NEWSHOUSE WEEKEND
SUNDAY
>>> TUESDAY AT 9:00 P.M., TH
28th SEASON OF AMERICAN MASTER
PREMIERS WITH A NEVER BEFORE
SEEN DIRECTORS CUT
HERE IS AN EXCERPT OF TH
AUTHOR'S EXPERIENCE DURING WORLD
WAR 2.
>> PART OF THE COUNTER
INTELLIGENCE CORE WHOSE JOB IT
WAS TO INTERVIEW ENEMY
PRISONERS.
>> >> YOUNG GUYS IN SQUADS BEING
ASKED TO ATTACK A VILLAGE.
THEY WANTED TO KNOW EVERY SINGLE
THING THEY COULD POSSIBLY KNOW
WHERE THE ALLY WAYS WERE, WHER
THE AVENUES OF FIRE WERE
MEN, THEIR JOB WAS TO PROVID
INFORMATION THAT WOULD HAVE KEPT
MORE OF THOSE GUYS ALIVE
>> HE HAD A LOT OF LATITUDE TO
MOVE BEHIND AND NEAR THE ENEMY
LINES TO UNDERSTAND THE CULTUR
AND THE PEOPLE AND TO UNDERSTAND
WHAT WAR DID TO THE LOCA
PEOPLE
IT WAS A MORE INTELLECTUAL
PROBING WAR FOR HIM THAN THE
AVERAGE GRUNT.
>> MY DAD WAS ACTUALLY 21 WHEN
HE MET MR. SALINGER.
>> THE FOUR GENTLEMEN YOU SE
HERE, THEY REFER TO EACH OTHER
AS THE FOUR MUSKATEERS
THERE IS REALLY A BOND
MY DAD USED TO COMMENT THAT THEY
WOULD SAY THERE IS NO TIME FOR
US TO DO ANYTHING BECAUSE WE HAD
TO STOP TO SIT BY THE ROADSIDE
WORKING ON SHORT STORIES OR HI
FOFL
MY FATHER TOOK THE ONLY PHOT
THAT ANYBODY HAS EVER SEEN O
THE WRITING OF "CATCHER IN THE
RYE.
>> JOINING US ON AIR AND ONLINE,
WE WILL REPORT ON THE DISCOVER
RIGHTS LEADER GAVE 50 YEARS AGO
OF A SPEECH THE LATE CIVIL RIGHT